You are the CEO
What am I?
It's really a big forest. There are all kinds of birds
The owner has come and put this outfit on
It's the CEO's earrings, but Cartier
Global limited edition
Look at yourself again
I can smell something
Poor sour taste hahahahaha
Ah!
I didn't expect the company to worship the wind of high mining so seriously
It's better to be wrong
Let's see whose million-dollar group is rising
Hello again.
This time I'll make your life worse than death
We'll see won't we.
Welcome sir
George, find me someone.
It's called Song Nianyi Dad
Nian Nian has been missing for more than 20 years
Maybe it's gone, Dad, give up
What do you know?
No granddaughter
What's the use of me being the richest man in the country?
Hey dad, you have to think about your body too
For the last time.
If you still can't find it
You have to go to the hospital for emergency treatment.
Is it really you every year?